README.md, before:

# ⚙️ My awesome dotfiles

This is all my config and tools I use daily as software engineer. The mostly important tools and softwares are:

- macOS
- neovim
- tmux
- kitty

### 💾 Applications and tools

- [asdf](https://asdf-vim.com/): languages version manager
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf/): fuzzy search
- [iterm2](https://iterm2.com/): terminal emulator
- [kitty](https://github.com/kovidgoyal/kitty/): terminal emulator
- [macOS](https://apple.com/macos): mostly used operating system
- [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd): better find
- [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/): better grep
- [exa](https://the.exa.website/): better ls
- [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat): better cat
- [sf-mono](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/): font in some places
- [starship](https://starship.rs/): shell prompt
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/): terminal multiplexer
- [zplug](https://github.com/zplug/zplug/): zsh plugin manager
- [zsh](https://zsh.org/): the best shell ❤️

### 🛠️ Scripts

- `lsp_install`: install all lsp servers I use to use in neovim.

Commit message:

Improving structure for my dotfiles
This commit changes the structure of my dotfiles to be a little more
explicit. I've also add a `setup.sh` script to install all needed files
in the right places.

`mac.sh` is only for my personal macOS preferences.

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is my actual dotfiles that I use all day long for all kind of
stuff, for working and for personal projects. I've decided to make
everything install manually because I don't like to use another software
to install my default configuration. All of this configuration is main
focused on macOS, but could be adapted for another uses, like linux (but
I think nothing of this will makes sense on Windows, sorry).
Feel free to explore all my configuration and get what you feel makes
sense to you! :^)

## Overview

- [asdf](https://asdf-vim.com/): languages version manager
- [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf/): fuzzy search
- [alacritty](https://iterm2.com/): terminal emulator
- [docker](https://docker.com/): docker desktop for macOS
- [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd): better find
- [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/): better grep
- [sf-mono](https://developer.apple.com/fonts/): font in some places
- [starship](https://starship.rs/): shell prompt
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux/): terminal multiplexer
- [neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/): my default code editor
- [vscode](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/): code editor
- [zplug](https://github.com/zplug/zplug/): zsh plugin manager
- [zsh](https://zsh.org/): the best shell

### Apps from Mac AppStore

- [things 3](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/things-3/id904237743/)
- [magnet](https://apps.apple.com/br/app/magnet/id441258766/)

## Contrib

If you have any suggestion or want to fix something that I got wrong on
my configuration, please open a PR for it! I'll love to review and
put some better stuff into my dotfiles.

<!-- vim: set ft=markdown textwidth=80: -->
